docs: document virtual-workspaces (#156)
platform-mesh/platform-mesh.github.io: reference/components/virtual-workspaces.md

## API surface

### `MarketplaceEntry`

The component owns the `MarketplaceEntry` cluster-scoped resource:

- API group: `marketplace.platform-mesh.io`
- Version: `v1alpha1`
- Scope: `Cluster`
- Storage in v0.3.0: served virtually from the `marketplace` virtual workspace; the embedded `APIResourceSchema` is exposed through the `marketplace.platform-mesh.io` `APIExport`.

| Field | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `spec.apiBindingName` | string | `metadata.name` of the `APIBinding` backing this installation in the consumer workspace. Empty when the provider is not installed. |
| `spec.providerMetadata` | object | Provider metadata (name, descriptions, contacts, support, icons). Imported verbatim from the [extension-manager-operator](https://github.com/platform-mesh/extension-manager-operator) `ProviderMetadata` type. |
| `spec.apiExport` | object | The source `apis.kcp.io/v1alpha2.APIExport` whose schemas the entry exposes for binding. |
| `status` | object | Empty in v0.3.0. |

### `marketplace.platform-mesh.io` APIExport

> The component ships a static `apis.kcp.io/v1alpha2.APIExport` named `marketplace.platform-mesh.io`. The export references the `marketplaceentries` schema and is what consumer workspaces bind to gain access to the marketplace virtual workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The component ships a static `apis.kcp.io/v1alpha2.APIExport` named `marketplace.platform-mesh.io`. The export references the `marketplaceentries` schema. Consumer workspaces bind provider `APIExports` to install provider APIs, while the Marketplace UI reads the catalog via the `marketplace` virtual workspace and infers installation state from `APIBindings` in the consumer workspace.
```
